this.
Listen,
we're gonna look at the bootstrap carousel,
so this is a way to do a slide show and that can cycle through images.
You can also have text on top of the images,
so the number of ways to present the slide show you can also add in various controls to
move to the next slides.
The users of your website can move manual to the next slide.
There's also indicators you can add in both indicators as well as the controls.
So those air multiple options that you can have within the slide and that allows the user
to interact with the content and move to whatever slide they want to look at.
You can also add in captions on top of the image.
That's a nice effect to find out more information.
There's a cross fade options is different types of feeding that we can do as well.
You can customize the intervals,
so by default it's set to one second,
but you can update the whatever the milliseconds air going to be.
So this case that data interval is 10,000 milliseconds,
so that's a 12th interval so you can customize the various intervals as needed.
And that can be done with JavaScript setting the interval as well as you can do it within
the attribute,
calling it data interval.
So just like the other components that was seen within bootstrap,
you don't actually have to go into the JavaScript code.
You can handle all of those updates just out putting them and updating the attributes for
the element.
So let's start by creating a diff,
and you need to have an i D.
In order to identify it,
I'm gonna call it Slide one,
give it a class of care,
care ourselves so the classes carousel slide,
and you do need to add in on a tribute.
And that's called data right and identify it as a carousel so that the JavaScript knows how
to identify it and how to handle the content contained within.
That's our initial carousel and then inside of the carousel.
So there's B'more dips to wrap the content,
and then this first class is gonna be the carousel inner.
And that's just carousel dash inner.
And this is where all the inside content is going to sit for the caress ALS and create
another div to have all of the different carousel items,
these air all having the class of carousel item,
and the 1st 1 is gonna have the active class so that we can identify whatever the 1st 1 is
going to be.
And then here you would place an image with the source.
I'm gonna use the same place older image.
So it's our place.
Older image.
And then you have to make the image responsive and set a with for the image.
And you can do that with boots.
Drop where we can set a width of 100 and said it to D Block,
which will turn it into a block format for the image.
And with these types of sliders and care cells,
you should have fairly similar dimensions for the images of the wise,
they just won't look right.
Eso this one.
I've updated to be 500 by 300 and then adding in some additional images and updating the
images so that they actually say something different,
so that could be second.
That could be third and so on.
So we see that they are actually rotating the different images,
and this is happening on a default interval of every second.
I mean refresh and actually placed them all active,
So let me remove the active part of it.
So the active is the default first image,
and then the intervals of the images will rotate.
The image is now to second,
and then through the next interval,
it's gonna update it to the third image.
And that's so you can move through the intervals.
And a lot of times when you've got people coming in to interact with your content,
they might.
They might not want to wait till the content updates,
and that's where you can add in other controls.
So you might want the Chevron's on the left and the right side so the user can move and
navigate through them.
So set these up as hyperlinks,
and they have to identify to whatever you give your mean parent I d as gonna move this down
a bit so we can see it.
So that's where the hashes going.
That's where the hyperlink is gonna be.
Go and set the rule as button and a data slide attribute is gonna be the previous role,
and then the other one is gonna be the next and then Lastly,
let's out in a class,
and the class that we're adding in is care,
carousel control and previous.
This is that previous control,
and we also need an icon for that.
So we need a way to identify.
If you already have some type of icon that you want to use,
you can add that in as well.
And Bootstrap does come with an icon that you can use so applying the span class and it's
ah rather long class.
So it's carousel control previous icon.
So that adds in the icon there that we can see and I'll duplicate it and will do the same
thing for the next.
So the H ref is still to the seem.
The slide is the data slide is going to be next.
The carousel control class is also going to be next,
and the icon is also going to be next.
So that way,
now the user coming in can control the slides.
There's also the indicators at the bottom so you can use both or you could use either one
and we can represent those as an ordered list.
So adding in the list items and then going to add the class and the class for the
Indicators is care or sell dash in carousel indicators.
As soon as I added that we get that 1st 1 popping up there and then we need to specify the
attributes so the data target is going to be equal to the main parent.
So that is slide one.
So identify the main parent,
and then what's slide we want to go to.
So this is zero based,
like a raise,
so slide and whatever slide we want to slide to whenever it gets clicked.
And we can copy this over to three times because we've got three separate slides there,
so update where it's sliding to when it gets clicked.
And then we also want to have a class of active for the default for the 1st 1 so that we
have an indication of which one is the active one,
and that will correspond with the carousel item that's active.
You can also add in caption,
and that's just text on top.
So have that within a diff and then whatever text you want,
whatever structure you want,
maybe you want a little bit larger,
so there's our text coming in and we want to move this on top of the image.
And as we saw it's it's still down to the bottom there.
So we need to add in the right class for that.
And the class is care.
A cell caption we had in the Carousel caption,
and we go to the 1st 1 Now we've got this as a caption.
Remember the some images coming from the image itself,
So that's not actually text there.
That's coming from the placeholder dot com image,
so it's so you can add that text on top,
and then you can apply some styling to the text and move it around as necessary and as
needed.
There are a lot of options for the care cells,
and this is a NAWF use component within many websites.